Work is an important and interdependent part of one's life, it is associated with personal needs, identity, belief and hobby. It includes 2 parts, one is choosing to get involved in the mission that one and one's boss believe meaningful, the other is having fun during the process like a hobby. 

Work is a part of life and just a part of life, it's not your whole life. Others parts are like family, hobbies, friends, church time…

Similarly, work title is one identity you have but it doesn't define your whole-person identity. For example if you are an engineer at work time it doesn’t mean you can't be a person love reading or working out or travel lover or relationship class student or small group leader. Work is just part of your life, not your whole life. 

In the same way, work doesn't have to satisfy all your needs. It should satisfy some of your needs, especially the essential needs but not all your needs. A little clarification here, needs are not wantings, not desires, and essential needs here means for the uncompromisable needs that are essential for your health. 

Similar idea on a different aspect, work doesn't have to be one's only hobby. But work should be one of hobbies one has. The definition of hobby here is something one do mainly for genuine interest, genuinely wanted to get closer to, spending time on, not mainly because it is useful or beneficial, just like reading fictions to me. 

On the other hand, work is not an independent part of life, in the opposite, work is an interdependent part of life. Meaning the 'work time' me impacts other parts me, 'family time' me, 'church time me', 'friends time me', 'self time me'.. For example, the movie time I had with <pirates of carribean> establishes a belief about freedom in 'self time' me, then this belief is brought into 'work time' me when thinking and judging whether this work environment is good.   Another example is the belief of retro's importance learned at work impacts my style when being a group leader at Audio Control Team at church. In summary, the habit and belief one establishes at one part time me makes an impact on the other part time me.

The mission that one and one's boss believe meaningful.
The most important point here is 'believe'. 'Believe' is different from 'think'. Think can be pure rational. Believe should be both rational and emotional. 'Believe' origins from one's heart but 'think' origins from brain. In other words, the mission is something that connects to one's heart, and it has be from your inside self, not from the society or other people's voice. Another word to help understand believe is its noun format, belief. Think of when you say 'I believe xxx is important', that catches the essential of this idea. 

Another point about belief I wanna share, a belief that is not a heart-felt doesn't mean it is a wrong belief, a lot of time it's just a distant belief. Taking 2 belief as example, "reading is important" and "fall detection is important". Rationally I think both are important. But when considering from the belief perspective, the difference appear to be obvious. When thinking about the reading belief, 'the image that I read this past Thursday on bed at night appears in front my eyes', 'I feel I can staying in this status all the time', 'I just genuinely enjoy staying close to it, even getting closer'. Rather, when thinking about the other belief, 'a sense of distant', 'this is not something part of my regular daily life, it's something I have to make effort to drag into my life' rise in my mind.

Meaningful in other words is important, valuable, essential, it is not so much about useful or beneficial.    

Also, boss here plays a role as well. Work is not just about oneself but also with teammate. The most important and influential teammate is one's boss. One's boss is the most intimate work buddy and backup guy. From personal career development's perspective, a good boss is one's role model, the kind of people one look forward to becoming as. 
